hey guys this is snake Slayer from wild
Cataclysm news com in this video we'll
be taking a look at the new 31-point
talent system of warriors in the early
stages of Cataclysm beta the abilities
you get from being arms is mortal strike
which not only reduces healing by
twenty-five percent anger management
which hasn't changed and two-handed
weapon specialization which increases
damage done with the two-hander by ten
percent in the first tier war academy
increases the damage of heroic strike
victory rush and slam by fifteen percent
field dressing increases self-healing
abilities by twenty percent in all
healing done to you by six percent an
improved rim increases its damage by
thirty percent now in the second tier
blitz is a neat ability that increases
the rage generated by charge by 10 and
also charged stuns to additional targets
this will be great in PvP for if you
find a group that's not spread out deep
wounds hasn't changed in impale now
increases the critical strike bonus of
ms slam and execute the twenty percent
in the third tier taste for blood and
sweeping strikes have not changed
however improved over power now
increases the crit chance of over pound
fifty percent and reduces its cool down
by four seconds in the 4th tier sudden
death in this rage and improve slim have
not been changed in the fifth steers
logic to the lambs gives you thirty six
percent increased attack speed for your
next swing after dealing a mortal strike
juggernaut hasn't changed blood frenzy
has been changed to increase all of the
physical damage by four percent and all
bleep damage by thirty percent and
second wind now only gives you ten rage
instead of the twenty along with the
tempers and house in the next year we
have wrecking crew which hasn't changed
and disarming glare this ability makes
your disarm also make the target cower
in place for ten seconds finally
warriors get an icc and in the last year
we have bladestorm which hasn't changed
don't forget that whirlwind only does
fifty percent weapon damage now the
abilities you get for being fury or
blood thirst which hasn't changed dual
wield which allows you to dual wield
weapons dual wield specialization which
increases offhand damage by twenty-five
percent in precision which increases hit
rating by three percent in the first
tier armor to the teeth and unbridled
wrath have not changed however cruelty
now increases the critical strike chance
of bloodthirst mortal strike and shield
slammed by ten percent
in the second tier blood grace has
changed to give you a ten percent chance
to regenerate seven point five percent
health after you take any damage at all
intensified rage has not been changed
but improved execute now increases the
damage caused by X cubed by twenty
percent in the third tier impending
victory gives your heroic strike blood
third in slam a twenty percent chance to
allow the use of victory brush piercing
howl has not been changed fury in the
blood increases all damaged by ten
percent when blood rage or preserve our
age is active an in rage has not been
changed in the fourth tier even the odds
gives your whirlwind and cleave
abilities at twenty percent damage
increase booming voice now grant your
battle and commanding shout an
additional ten rage when used and flurry
has not changed in the fifth tier
various attacks now only decreases
healings like twenty percent death wish
rampage in heroic fearing have not been
changed
in the next here blood surge has not
been changed skirmisher reduces the
cooldown of intercept by 10 seconds in
heroic leave by 30 seconds in the last
year is tightens grip which hasn't
changed also is single-minded fury which
increases all damage by twenty percent
when you duel wield one handers it also
allows you to hit with both weapons when
you slam and cleave the abilities you
get for being prot our shields lynn
which is now increased by attack power
vitality which increases total stamina
by fifteen percent and vengeance which
gives you a tag power when you take
damage in the first tier insight has not
changed toughness now only increased his
armor by ten percent and hold the line
increases your crit chance and critical
blog chance by ten percent after you
parry in the second tier shield
specialization grants you 15 rage when
you block shield mastery reduces the
cooldown of shield block by 20 seconds
shield wall by three minutes in spell
reflect by three seconds improved
revenge has not been changed
in the third tier last and a concussion
blue have not changed blood and thunder
puts a rent on everything you
thunderclap when you clap a target you
have Rendon this will give you a great
amount of threat on a OA pools and gag
order has not changed
in the fourth tier and prove defensive
stance reduces the chance you'll be
critically hit by melee attacks by six
percent and enrages you giving you a ten
percent damage increase for 12 seconds
when you block dodge or parry devastate
and safeguard remain the same in the
fifth tier warbringer has not changed
vigilance no longer deals per thread but
still were precious time and gives you
visions based on the damage done sweep
and clear generates three rage for every
target you hit beyond the first and then
AoE up to 9 rage this will help you
maintain rage while AoE in the next year
dam and shield and sword and board had
not changed the 31-point talent
protection is shockwave and it has not
changed once again this is snake Slayer
from wow cataclysm use please rate
comment and subscribe for more Cataclysm
beta updates and information and don't
forget to visit our site at wow
cataclysm news com